Dear Moon 360 Film and Virtual Reality Project
Inbox

Larry James <UpLiftVR at gmail.com>
Mon, Sep 17, 2018, 11:56 PM
to info, me, VRMakerDome

Dear Moon,

I was wondering your plans are on capturing this amazing mission not only for yourself but for the world to share in the experience during it's pivotal moment in history.

My partner and I are 360 film makers and virtual reality developers based in Seattle.
I know it's a long shot but I'd like to be considered for possible inclusion on your mission around the moon.

Last year we captured the total solar eclipse from a remote hilltop overlook  in the Oregon high desert with the best 360 camera we could manage to get our hand on. Not only to remember this awe inspiring moment for ourselves but to capture and share the experience with others who couldn't get to such a remote location or may not even be aware of what a profound spiritual impact such a moment can have in a persons life.

We are still in the screening and editing process but have it for historical and documentary purposes. High Desert Eclipse - 360 Short Documentary will be showing at the Tacoma Film Festival next month in Oct and are hopeful since we just submitted to the Sundance Film Festival as well.

We recently had our other cinematic Virtual Reality experience UpLiftVR ' Maiden Flight' Balloon Ride selected to show at the Seattle International Film Festival VR Zone from May 18th - Jun 10th 2018 with amazing reviews in the Seattle Times and local King 5 News Evening Magazine.

If you like I'd like to go over what we'd plan to do if we where included in your Dear Moon project even if one of us is not officially selected to go on the around the moon leg of the mission.

However as a long time space and human potential enthusiast I've felt I've spent a lifetime preparing for something like this. From suba diving, caving a kilometer underground, solo sailing, living on a small sailboat for over a decade, to pushing the boundaries of what is possible or imaginable in early open source 3d printing and now Virtual Reality.

I love to expand peoples minds and show people what sort of world we can build and live in. Especially now when we can have them directly experiencing a snapshot of it in virtual reality and the stories we tell with it.

In any case no matter what,

Thank you for putting this together and helping to push humanity's vision forward.

Best Regards,

Larry James
UpLiftVR Studios
UpLiftVR at gmail.com


Film Freeway & Bio (still in progress)
LinkedIn
Facebook