Lunar-Flyby-and-Return_Notes_Debrief_04-19-2026_6.30PM-PST.txt
version 1.9.8.1?

ok... the bottom button that you push to enable auto MCC still jumps around... by pushing the rest up... that need to be fixed... need to have room for a button to be permently there and the space between the warp factors and the manual burn.
ok i came up on the actual midpoint distance at close to 300,000km from the earth and the moon and it doesn't have a midpoint checkpoint... even if we don't do a MCC here is should be a return milestone... or whatever we are calling it...
i slowed down to 1x so it's in the flight logs... trans lunar midpoint is at Earth: 178,215 km , Dist (Moon):373,147 km when we do the MCC... but should be name changed cause it's not indication of what sort of midpoint it is? that entry angle has been bugging me since we launched... I know we need it soon but it needs to be something else in the future... maybe it's whatever target we're going to next...? we really need to look at my other breakdown notes from the last flight since that is all in there as well. including the indications on checkpoint, milestones, or whatever we're calling various points of interest along the way... those need to be collated and put into a .md and added to the tasks list... at the very least... ok going for the last bit here.... just did MCC at GeoSync... ok... entry angle says we're coming in at -47.08 deg at 1.8km and 9.79 km/s the angle is in red so have no idea if it is right but being in the red i'd say it's not... we should have flashing indicators saying what it should be... again look at my previous long notes on the last flight... do we have a last min MCC adjustment coming up? i don't know cause there is not indication of one... lets see what happens though... btw coming in just off the west African coast... not sure how far... but looks like mid Atlantic? just passing the 300km... the indecations on decent need some work but at least we have some feedback... it's like to see some of it repeated on the right bottom HUD under Navigation... we're coming in at 10 m/s with main shuts deployed and terminal velocity descent... I'd really like the next action countdown timer in the nave to update whatever the next action will be. at 1km threshold coming in hot at 9.4 m/s ... are our chutes big enough? is that ok to be coming in that fast? do we need retro rockets at the end to slow our decent at the very last bit? we should have visual indication that our decent is... outch yep... hit hard max g is 173.1... fatal impact...
ok I saved the flight log in the logs folder...
