Lunar-Flyby-and-Return_Notes_Debrief_04-19-2026_4.48PM-PST.txt
says version 2.0.0 but really should have been labeled at 1.9.8.0
when we get to 2.0 lets skip to 2.0.1 just in case so there isn't any confusion more than there is and add that into the devlog notes...


on the ux portion... I notice that the enable MCC button comes in and pushes up the rest to the HUD ui and then goes away... it makes it hard and maybe hit another button... lets leave enough room in there for that button and just have it appear when it needs to be turned on or alert that there needs to be one... that way also there is a buffer between the manual burn override as well and it would likely get rid of your mobile issue with hitting a warp button instead if the HUD isn't jumping around...the actual midpoint distance seems to be off and not at around 300km from earth and moon... is that where we want to recalculate? right now the MCC kicks in at around 178,000km from earth and 376,000km from earth which is fine if it should be there but it shouldn't be called the midpoint... lets add the true midpoint in the checkpoints even if we don't do a mcc check there... btw... I did take this run a little hot except coming out initial earth orbit as well as around the moon in the middle where i was trying to find the midpoint... there should be a warning in the logs if there isn't one already... letting us know if something was off... ok going to try and bring this craft home... ok as we're coming into earth approach we definitely need to have a warp slowdown warning cause we're coming in soo hot... at least is's an auto slowdown at geosync to readjust the mmc... definitely need some warnings approaching earth as we're coming in do some research and add some more info checkpoints. I think that at the midpoint and geosync we should state that adjusting for earth reentry vector but use the right mission language. ok coming in at 60x and looks good... slowing to 30x and looking good. think we need to have what the entry angle and other info displayed just under orbital navigation as reference that we know it's alright... red and flashing, yellow if it's close, and green and flashing if it alright... looks like we're coming in a the correct angle but can't tell cause don't have feedback on that... and we'll come in off the eastern coast of brazil somewhere in the mid Atlantic. maybe... it's pretty close to brazil, maybe just off the tip to the north... if we had retro capabilities could maybe try and beach landing... :) need some more checkpoint distances as we're coming in... like passing starlink constilations, etc... there is the space station over to the left (version 2.0) but could at least give that... wait we're just passing the 2km threshold so maybe those aren't in range yet... i'm coming in at 1x... oh good it's showing 1x and 10x only... perfect... we should have an atmospheric drag number and indicator that is a port... needs heatshild engaged... during plasma blackout with numbers... flashing gforces... recording of gforces... in atmo decel needs drough deployed at the top under orbital navigation... with countdown timer for that and the next when the main shuts are going to deploy with countdown timer, then when they are deployed... we're at 3km maybe... cool... I like the green terminal velocity decent... maybe that should be flashing green... we're at 2km... maybe swithch to 2.000 km when when it's under 10km?, are we in freefall right now? that would be a good thing to put into just under orbital nav as an update.... and switch between that status and then drough shuts in xtime... then rotate back to realtime status... we're at 1km... so def need the 1.000 km and when are our shuts going to deploy? I'm soo nervious without feedback...ok... I see main shuts deployed in the fight telemetry which is great... but should also be on the orbital nav as well and flashing green... we're at zero km... so can't tell how close the ground is...ohhh... it says mission faild... impact fatal impact on lithobraking mission failed... lest debug and find out what happened... ok not sure what our velocity was on impact but it couldn't have been that fast... also maybe change to displaying m/s when coming in... and final g forces on impact or landing... dang pretty cool though... I saved the flight log to the logs folder.
